---
title: '2NHack 2023'
excerpt: "On the 4th-5th of March weekend, Codette organized a new edition of its 2NHack hackathon series with the theme for his year being 'Hack For Humanity'. I was there to speak about Innovation in general and to be a mentor for the participating teams."
coverImage: '/assets/blog/2nhack2023/codette-2nhack-2023-cover.webp'
date: '2023-03-06T10:05:07.322Z'
author:
  name: Adrian Zailic
  picture: '/assets/blog/authors/adrianzailic.webp'
ogImage:
  url: '/assets/blog/2nhack2023/codette-2nhack-2023-cover.webp'
---

On the 4th-5th of March weekend, Codette organized a new edition of its 2NHack hackathon series with the theme for his year being 'Hack For Humanity'. I was there to speak about Innovation in general and to be a mentor for the participating teams.

But first of all who is Codette? Codette is a Romanian NGO for all people interested in technology, regardless of gender, age, level of experience or the tech branch in which they work. They are focused on promoting diversity and education at all levels and creating opportunities for women to reach their maximum potential.

Their team is really big, currently counting 10+ volunteers, that are busy organising many different kinds of events like IOT4All, JSSuperHeroes, GoesMobile, 2NHack, etc. You can read more about them in **[here]**(https://codette.ro/).

This year 7 teams participated in the 2NHack hackathon and I was excited to see that even though many of them were still students, some were able to incorporate AI/ML models into their ideas. AI is no longer a novel topic, it's here now, impacting our lives. And in my opinion, it should be mandatory that anyone who holds a CS degree at least attended one AI course. 

The vibe of the whole event was cool, all the teams were eager to finalize their idea and start coding. It was really exciting for me because some of them had multiple good ideas and we worked on refining them and coming up with a list of why one idea is better than the others.   

Regarding the schedule, the event started at 10 am on Saturday and ended around 3 pm on Sunday. Since this was a lot of time to focus on just one thing, coding your idea, the organizers thought of introducing some breaks with different activities ranging from short gym workouts, to doing a flashmob dance and, as a bonus, a de-stress massage performed by a specialist.

So if you have a great idea and you already know a bit of coding (you don't need to be an expert), don't hesitate to sign up for the next hackathon! You will for sure have lots of fun, challenge yourself and improve your ability to manage time-sensitive tasks, and who knows, maybe you'll even win one of the prizes. 